Feature/forms (#247)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/php/filters/blocks/media-breakpoints.md

title: Media breakpoints
---

> We are using 4 breakpoints in our responsive design defined [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms/blob/develop/src/Blocks/manifest.json) under the `breakpoints` key. If you project used different breakpoints you can change them with this filter.
> 
> :::note
> You can't provide additional breakpoints, only change the existing ones.
> :::
> 
> ```php
> add_filter('es_forms_blocks_media_breakpoints', function() {
> 	return [
> 		'mobile' => 200,
> 		'tablet' => 500,
> 		'desktop' => 800,
> 		'large' => 1200
> 	];
> })
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we use 4 breakpoints in our responsive design system, defined [here](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-forms/blob/develop/src/Blocks/manifest.json) within the `breakpoints` key.

If you project uses different breakpoint values, you can change them with this filter.

:::note
Additional breakpoints cannot be provided, only the current values can be modified!
:::

```php
add_filter('es_forms_blocks_media_breakpoints', function() {
	return [
		'mobile' => 200,
		'tablet' => 500,
		'desktop' => 800,
		'large' => 1200
	];
})
```
```
